# Python-Portfolio
This is a portfolio of my Python Projects from AP Computer Science Principles.
My first project is the CREATE Project that we did for the AP Exam. For my CREATE Project, I I created a college recommendation program that the user can interact with and receive a college that fits their preferences of size, tuition, private or public, and much more. 
My second project is a Digital Scene. I worked on this project with two of my classmates and we created a scene of a farm and a little house on a sunny day. The project is simple, but is visually appealing and was fun to make.
My third project is a Mad Libs Generator. This project asks for 10 different things such as nouns, adjectives, etc. The generator then uses these things to create a story. The story is simple and the generator is very fun as you can put different words in that can make the story fun or boring.
My fourth project is a Name Generator Project. In this project, the generator asks many questions to narrow down options and ultimately determine what animal the person is like. Depending on how you answer the generator's questions, you could either be a shark or a sloth!
My fifth project is a Pokemon Game Simulator. In this game, the user is able to decide what to do with their own Pikachu, which can level up or down and evolve to its full form!
My sixth project is a Rock Paper Scissors Game. The game is pretty simple, as you can assume from the game. The person is playing rock paper scissors against the computer. The person enters either rock, paper, or scirros, and the computer randomly generates one of the three options as well. The person can then see if they won, tied, or lost the round. They can also see how many wins, ties, and losses they currently have.
My seventh project is the Semester 1 Final Project that I created. For this project, I created an interactive story game, which puts the user in the shoes of an island explorer looking for treasure. The user must decide what they want to do in many different scenarios and their fate lies in those decisions. 
My eighth project is an Underwater Scene. I worked on this project with two of my classmates. The scene includes a couple fish, a few starfish, and some underwater plants. 
